Mahan, what are you doing here?
I'm afraid it will come again later.
You should call that fox your mother
No, it's my dad's birthday party for me.
Your dad and that fox are throwing you a birthday party
You hide it from your mother
How could I have a daughter like you?
You and big brother have divorced
Is there anything unreasonable about not informing you?
Do you think I care if he doesn't get through to me?
I care
He's really, really safe with me
Don't worry about that.
Security. How do you think I found this?
I was just downstairs.
I saw Hong Daying with a group of people holding
Axe boy
Rush up, you call it safety
Hong Daying has been taken care of by us
So what?
As long as I'm really with you
Will be in danger
Do you know how scared I was?
You know
Do you know how scared I was that he would get hurt again?
It's true that I didn't protect Zhenzhen well before.
I promise there won't be a next time
You promised that last time.
He has real legs
Really real legs, I have already sent someone to find medicine
I believe there will be news soon.
Mom doesn't blame Dad this time
It's that Hong Daying, shut up
Will this happen if you don't come here today?
Hey, it's not that it's pointless for you to say that
It was an accident.
Are you going to lock Miss Zhenzhen at home?
For a lifetime?
To ensure her safety
Why not close it for a lifetime?